Resort Caves Beach (adults only)
Located in Hurghada, in the Al-Ahiya district, 17 km from the marina of New Marina
It features an outdoor swimming pool, a private beach, barbecue facilities, a children's playground and a bar.
All rooms are equipped with satellite TV, and some have a seating area.
Some rooms have a terrace or balcony.
The private bathroom includes a bath or shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
A 24-hour front desk, ATM, a gift shop and shops are at guests' disposal.
The area is popular for snorkelling and windsurfing.
Caves Beach Resort (adults only) is 23 km from Hurghada's Great Aquarium and 27 km from Senzo Shopping Center.
Hurghada International Airport is 18 km away.